si_river.bsp

Map filename:				si_river.bsp
Name:					The Space Station
Author:					Drakon
E-Mail:					Hakjiin@hotmail.com
No web page
Other Maps:				Drakdm1.bsp	(HL Deathmatch)
					Pools.bsp	(HL Deathmatch)
					Spacest.bsp	(HL Deathmatch)

Game:					Half-Life: Science and Industry Mod
Play Mode:				Deathmatch
Recommended Number of Players:		2-32
Bugs:					possibly some unaligned textures somewhere, but I
 					think I got most of them. There are two places where
					you can barely see the level fade out from distance,
					but it shouldn't affect gameplay much. R_speeds may
					get high in some places, depends on your machine I
					suppose.

Editor Used:				Worldcraft 3.33 SDK (The about says that, the properties/
					version says 0.2.1.0, so I'll put down both.)
Compile Time: 				Probably around an hour and a half to two hours.
	
Base/Genre/Type:			Two rival corporations (Midland Carbide Labs and
					Analgamated Flourodynamics) have labs alongside the
					river. Two bridges connect them, as well as sewers.
					(No they are not facing each other. Tunnels connect
					the bridges to the bases.)

Construction Time:			A few days 

Notes:					This is a large map I suppose... It takes up all the
					available space vertically in Worldcraft. The scientists
					are a bit more difficult to get than most maps. You
					can get to them through the sewers or through the
					stairs, but you can only leave up the stairs. So in
					a server with lots of people, it might be difficult
					to get them unless your good at a fast escape. (Like
					me:)  ) However, if you have two people working
					together, you could get out the sewers as well.
					The same goes for the resource departments on the
					upper floor. You can get in via vent or stairs, but
					can only leave by the stairs. However, if you gauss
					jump, make a makeshift stairway from tripmines, or
					have two players working together, you can get back
					out the vent. The computer rooms will require two players
					no matter what. One player needs to flip a switch while
					the other is at the door to the computer room. The team
					who owns the computers can easily get in and out of
					the computer room, however.

Thanks to:				Valve for making Half-Life
					Whoever made Worldcraft
					Id Software for getting me into 3D games and level 
					editing with Doom and Quake. My fan, without it I would 
					melt.
					The makers of the Science and Industry mod for such a
					great mod! Keep up the good work!
			

Copyright stuff:			This level can be distributed in any way (internet, CD's, 
					etc.) as long as it keeps the name si_rivers.bsp and has 
					this readme. This is not to be distributed to make any 
					profit.
